No file coverage analyze (#3815)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue in **prepare-content** where tags were added to metadata because of test scripts.

> * Updated demisto-sdk coverage-analyze to print a warning and exit with exit code 0 in case that a .coverage file doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated demisto-sdk coverage-analyze to print a warning and exit with exit code 0 in case that the .coverage file doesn't exist.
```

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where the error was not clear when trying to retrieve the server version.
* Fixed an issue in **prepare-content** where tags were added to metadata because of test scripts.

> * Updated demisto-sdk coverage-analyze to print a warning and exit with exit code 0 in case that the .coverage file doesn't exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **coverage-analyze** would crash in case the `.coverage` file does not exist
```

wouldn't it make more sense?
